README.md, before:

# Introduction

This project starts from the idea of helping charity community members like stackoverflow problem solvers.
This project will be based on [Cosmos network](https://cosmos.network), ecosystem of connected blockchains.

# Organization Github

- https://github.com/CosmosStackOverflow
- [Core project](https://github.com/CosmosStackOverflow/CSOBlockchain)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/ySQrpZ)

# Key features

- Cosmos network ecosystem
- Open source project
- Reputation management
- Developer network
- Cooperate closely with stackoverflow community
- Community is supported by ATOM validators, validators put their stake reward for stackoverflow community.
- Validators should have Novel's mind to support community.
- Problem solving network
- Job network
- Closely connect with cosmos network ecosystems like pylons
- Tokens are used for voting
- Voting on other persons activity
- It should be similar to stackoverflow
- Stackoverflow is not related to money but our network members will be getting rewards regularly from the network by their reputation

# How to contribute
- Fork this repository
- Create pull request into my repo
- Get review and get it merged

# Project contributers

1. Jun Kai - Go/Cosmos fan
- junkai121@outlook.com
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jun-kai-78911a156/)
- [Github](https://github.com/junkai121)
2. Who?
- xxx@xxx.com
- [Linkedin]()
- [Github]()

Commit message:

update introduction text to provide the difference with other credit rating systems

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This project starts from the idea of helping charity community members like stackoverflow problem solvers.
This project will be based on [Cosmos network](https://cosmos.network), ecosystem of connected blockchains.

For business perspective, this is blockchain credit rating system for open source contributers.
Individuals borrow and investors lend.

The thing that make out platform different is it's distributed and not restricted to local bank.
It's working across the world and KYC is not mandatory process. But better if do KYC for better level of service.

# Organization Github

- https://github.com/CosmosStackOverflow
- [Core project](https://github.com/CosmosStackOverflow/CSOBlockchain)
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/ySQrpZ)

# Key features

- Cosmos network ecosystem
- Open source project
- Reputation management
- Developer network
- Cooperate closely with stackoverflow community
- Community is supported by ATOM validators, validators put their stake reward for stackoverflow community.
- Validators should have Novel's mind to support community.
- Problem solving network
- Job network
- Closely connect with cosmos network ecosystems like pylons
- Tokens are used for voting
- Voting on other persons activity
- It should be similar to stackoverflow
- Stackoverflow is not related to money but our network members will be getting rewards regularly from the network by their reputation

# How to contribute
- Fork this repository
- Create pull request into my repo
- Get review and get it merged

# Project contributers

1. Jun Kai - Go/Cosmos fan
- junkai121@outlook.com
- [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jun-kai-78911a156/)
- [Github](https://github.com/junkai121)
2. Who?
- xxx@xxx.com
- [Linkedin]()
- [Github]()
