roadmap/ROADMAP.md, before:

# Roadmap

1. Proof of Concept reputation management system P2P
 - We will build proof of concept reputation management system
 - Build sdks that is supported by our community and get 2000+ users and github downloads.
 - Invite open-source contributers and stackoverflow users to our platform and give initial reputation after discussion
 - Show something that we are trustworthy platform by giving values to the world
 - Run testnet for the community for 2-3 months and then go for mainnet.
 - Our main users will be from blockchain/cryptocurrency community for now as our payment is mainly in cryptocurrency.
 - Build a website after getting more than 2k users on our platform.
2. ICO
3. Implement credit rating system according to reputation system built
4. Reputation is not only used for credit rating system, we run job marketing and developer introduction marketing to make more contracts between developers and companies remotely.
5. As long as things go well, we will be building DeFi on top of our platform.

Commit message:

update community roadmap with better strategy

roadmap/ROADMAP.md, after:

# Roadmap

1. Proof of Concept reputation management system P2P
 - First of all, I will invite github open source contributers to our ecosystem and will get feedback from them for how our community would be useful, also give them reputation.
 - Second, will invite stackoverflow users with emails and get their feedback for our ecosystem, also give them reputation
 - Invite development power to our community github and build great open-source sdks and give them reputation on our system and see how it is useful, also do it until we get more than 2000+ downloads.
 - Show something that we are trustworthy platform by giving values to the world
 - We will invite investors and project owners into our system to find correct developers
 - If this go well manually, we will start building our large reputation management system.
 - Run testnet for the community for 2-3 months and then go for mainnet.
 - Our main users will be from blockchain/cryptocurrency community for now as our payment is mainly in cryptocurrency.
 - Build a website after getting more than 2k users on our platform.
2. ICO
3. Implement credit rating system according to reputation system built
4. Reputation is not only used for credit rating system, we run job marketing and developer introduction marketing to make more contracts between developers and companies remotely.
5. As long as things go well, we will be building DeFi on top of our platform.
